    Program: Controlled Copy for DOS and Windows 95
    Version: 1.08
     Domain: Shareware
     Author: Tarmo Toikkanen
 contacting: E-mail: tarmo@kagi.com
              Phone: +358-50-5842 153
               Mail: Tarmo Toikkanen
                     Ruusulankatu 19 A 26
                     FIN-00250 Helsinki
                     FINLAND, EUROPE


      Files: CC.EXE       Controlled Copy executable
             CC.DOC       Documents, must reside in same directory as CC.EXE
             CC.REV       Revision history
             README.TXT   This info file
             ORDER.DOC    Instructions on registering CCopy
             TILAA.DOC    Registration instruction for Finnish residents
             CCPATCH.EXE  Patch utility to register CC.EXE
             REGISTER.EXE Registration utility
             REGDATA.DAT  Data for REGISTER.EXE

    Comment: Fast, powerful and flexible command line copier/mover with
             automatic free space checking and progress indicators.
Description: CCopy is an advanced command line based file copier/mover that
             completely replaces the normal copier. With over 30 different
             options, CCopy is the most versatile and powerful copier in
             the market today. Automatic free space checking and progress
             indicators are the most obvious improvements, but others follow.
             And one more thing: CCopy's almost 100% compatible with the
             normal copier, so you don't need to learn everything from
             scratch.

Information:

  If you've tried 4dos you know what a difference a versatile copier can
make. But even 4dos with its numerous optional functions is second to the
powerful versatility of CCopy. Entering masks and options has been made as
fast and convenient as possible, and over 30 distinctly different options
make CCopy the most powerful copier in the market.

  Subdirectory copying is a routine job, but with CCopy you can actually run
complex commands with different file filters and other functions (like
splitting, optimizing, renaming, alerting, etc.) that enable versatility
never seen before.

  If possible, CCopy will automatically move the files by renaming them, so
CCopy also replaces any move utilities you may have used. Other automatic
improvements are free space checking, progress indicators and easy
multi-disk support - when you run out of free space, just swap diskettes and
continue. Intelligent directory creation will make the MKDIR-command almost
useless and large data buffers guarantee a fast completion - faster than
most other copiers could ever hope for.

  The easiest way to use CCopy is to copy the files CC.EXE and CC.DOC to
some directory that's included in your PATH-statement. Then all you have to
do is learn to type "CC" instead of "copy" every time you need to copy
something. To replace the move-command, create a batch file or 4dos alias
that will run "CC/M" every time you type "move". That's it, and CCopy's
ready to run.

  The first few times may seem a bit confusing, but give CCopy a chance to
improve your working efficiency. After a few runs you will see the benefits.
Typing a plain "CC" will give you a *brief* help and a list of a few
options. "CC/?" will list all the options for you. If you want more
information on a specific option, append it after the question mark. Eg.
"CC/?S" will give help on the subdirectories-option. Remember, CC.DOC must
be in the same directory as CC.EXE for these help screens to work.

  That's it, I suppose. Try it and use it! If you have any comments, please
contact me.

